The GSE Code Base
-----------------
http://cgs.csail.mit.edu/gse


Oracle
------
http://www.oracle.com/technology/software/tech/java/sqlj_jdbc/htdocs/jdbc_10201.html
http://www.oracle.com/technology/software/popup-license/distribution-license.html
Export Controls on the Programs
Selecting the "Accept License Agreement" button is a confirmation of
your agreement that you comply, now and during the trial term, with each
of the following statements:

-You are not a citizen, national, or resident of, and are not under
 control of, the government of Cuba, Iran, Sudan, Libya, North Korea,
 Syria, nor any country to which the United States has prohibited
 export.
-You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the Programs,
 directly or indirectly, to the above mentioned countries nor to
 citizens, nationals or residents of those countries.
-You are not listed on the United States Department of Treasury lists of
 Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated Terrorists, and
 Specially Designated Narcotic Traffickers, nor are you listed on the
 United States Department of Commerce Table of Denial Orders.

You will not download or otherwise export or re-export the Programs,
directly or indirectly, to persons on the above mentioned lists.

You will not use the Programs for, and will not allow the Programs to be
used for, any purposes prohibited by United States law, including,
without limitation, for the development, design, manufacture or
production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons of mass
destruction.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS
You agree that U.S. export control laws and other applicable export and
import laws govern your use of the programs, including technical data;
additional information can be found on Oracle's Global Trade Compliance
web site (http://www.oracle.com/products/export). 

./ojdbc-1.4/ojdbc14.jar
./orai18n/orai18n.jar
./ocrs12/ocrs12.jar

VecMath
-------
from Sun
http://download.java.net/media/java3d/builds/release/1.5.2/LICENSE-Java3D-v1_5_2.txt
./vecmath-1.4.0_01/vecmath.jar

Batik
-----
http://xmlgraphics.apache.org/batik/
Apache License, v2

./batik/batik-1.6.jar

BioJava
-------
http://biojava.org
LGPL

./biojava-1.5/biojava-1.5-beta2.jar
./biojava-1.5/apps-1.5.jar
./biojava-1.5/biojava-1.5.jar
./biojava-1.5/bytecode.jar
./biojava-1.5/commons-cli.jar
./biojava-1.5/commons-collections-2.1.jar
./biojava-1.5/commons-dbcp-1.1.jar
./biojava-1.5/commons-pool-1.1.jar
./biojava-1.5/demos-1.5.jar


AffxFusion
----------
http://www.affymetrix.com/support/developer/fusion/index.affx
LGPL

./AffxFusion-1.09/AffxFusion.jar

COLT
----
http://acs.lbl.gov/~hoschek/colt/
    Packages cern.colt* , cern.jet*, cern.clhep

        Copyright (c) 1999 CERN - European Organization for Nuclear
        Research.

        Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this
        software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted
        without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in
        all copies and that both that copyright notice and this
        permission notice appear in supporting documentation. CERN makes
        no representations about the suitability of this software for
        any purpose. It is provided "as is" without expressed or implied
        warranty.

    Packages hep.aida.*

        Written by Pavel Binko, Dino Ferrero Merlino, Wolfgang Hoschek,
        Tony Johnson, Andreas Pfeiffer, and others. Check the FreeHEP
        home page for more info. Permission to use and/or redistribute
        this work is granted under the terms of the LGPL License, with
        the exception that any usage related to military applications is
        expressly forbidden. The software and documentation made
        available under the terms of this license are provided with no
        warranty. 



./colt-1.2.0/colt.jar

JFreeChart
----------
http://www.jfree.org/
LGPL

./jfreechart/jfreechart-1.0.0.jar
./jfreechart/jcommon-1.0.8.jar
./jfreechart/jfreechart-1.0.6.jar


MYSQL
-----
http://downloads.mysql.com/archives.php?p=mysql-connector-java-3.1&v=3.1.12
newer versions at
http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/5.1.html
GPL

./mysql-connector-3.1.12/mysql-connector-java-3.1.12-bin.jar

JAHMM
-----
http://www.run.montefiore.ulg.ac.be/~francois/software/jahmm/

./jahmm/jahmm-0.6.1-with-mvg.jar
./jahmm-0.6.1.jar

Log4J
-----
http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2
Apache License, v2

./log4j/log4j-1.2.15.jar

XML-RPC
-------
http://ws.apache.org/xmlrpc/
Apache License, v2

./xml-rpc/apache-xml-rpc-3.0/xmlrpc-server-3.0.jar
./xml-rpc/apache-xml-rpc-3.0/ws-commons-util-1.0.1.jar
./xml-rpc/apache-xml-rpc-3.0/xmlrpc-common-3.0.jar
./xml-rpc/apache-xml-rpc-3.0/commons-logging-1.1.jar
./xml-rpc/apache-xml-rpc-3.0/xmlrpc-client-3.0.jar

JAMA
----
Public Domain
./jama/Jama-1.0.2.jar

JENA
----
http://jena.sourceforge.net/license.html
 Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008
 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, LP

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote
   products derived from this software without specific prior written
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Jena includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation
(http://www.apache.org/).

Jena is built on top of other sub-systems which we gratefully
acknowledge: details of these systems and their version numbers.

    * Xerces
    * JUnit
    * Jakarta ORO
    * ICU4J
    * util.concurrent from Doug Lea


./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/arq-extra.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/json.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/xercesImpl.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/jenatest.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/jena.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/wstx-asl-3.0.0.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/stax-api-1.0.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/concurrent.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/iri.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/icu4j_3_4.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/arq.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/antlr-2.7.5.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/junit.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/xml-apis.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/lucene-core-2.0.0.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/commons-logging-1.1.jar
./Jena/Jena-2.5.3/log4j-1.2.12.jar

JAligner
-------
http://jaligner.sourceforge.net/
GPL

./jaligner-1.0/jaligner-1.0.jar
